Meeting 28.05.2019
Start of meeting: 13:14
--------------------------------------------------------
Atanas starts by explaining what changes on his code he did on the Room class.
He also adds that he started working on starting and stopping the simulation

Yosif has been redoing the Unity service (how he sends info to Unity). He is working on adding a smooth
animation instead of people jumping from tile to tile.

Filippo explains that he has an idea of the background simulation. He explains that the idea is to take the map
from the user and then detecting in which room the extinguisher is. This way for every 10 simulations, the extinguisher
could switch place on the wall in the room.

Teacher asks what we aim to achieve with these simulations.

Another possibility would be to run the simulation N number of times with static extinguishers.

Teacher suggests if there are 2 extinguishers in the hall, we could split the room into 2 halves, reducing the
calculations.

Stef explains that he is working on how to make multiple statistics for multiple simulations.
He says that for the multiple simulations, he can have different statistics, connected to an instance of a simulation.

The teacher tells Stef to look into Threading to make his work much easier.

Atanas continues by saying he fixed an issue with the air flows. He explains to the teacher how he fixed it.
He adds that he disabled the spawn fire/people buttons before a map has been loaded. Aside from that, he has added a button
to save the current state of the bitmap, but it currently has some issues. He made a change where if the temperature
reaches more than 100 degrees, people die.

Teacher suggests a technique called Bit shifting. It involves associating entities with  different bits, as opposed to
using Color and keeping track of so many colors.

Atanas says he will look more into bit shifting.

The teacher will send us an email later with the time of the final presentation.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
End of Meeting: 13:43