Meeting Notes
16.04.2019

Yosif asked the teacher how the presentation went

Teacher says he was impressed by the presentation

Yosif explains what we currently have, which was not shown in the presentation,
such as Unity communication and statistics form

Stef shows the statistics form and describes what its purpose is.
He shows off the live happenings (a person spawn, a fire spread, etc.)

Teacher asks what the main purpose of the statistics is

Stef explains that it is to keep track of how many people are spawned, how many died, for overview.

Teacher asks how the communication is done between the stats and the main form

Stef explains that it is done via events and teacher is impressed

Teacher told us that we are doing a very good job and we are progressing very fast. (WE KILLED IT FOLKS)

Teacher says he will give us a 9.0 for iteration 1.

Teacher says we need to be more specific and come to a conclusion today about the plan for
iteration 2.

Atanas explains he made it abstract because we cannot say or determine what exactly is going to happen during
iteration 2

Teacher says he is interested in seeing the communication between the app and Unity.

Yosif explains his vision that it is not going to be mind blowing animations. He continues by saying
the plan is to move fairly smoothly for the visual animation (e.g. 3 moves per tick)

Atanas continues Yosif's point how we could use events for calculations and send the appropriate messages
to Unity

Teacher asks if it will be a real time feed to Unity, and Atanas and Yosif confirm this.

Filippo asks if it is a problem that we did not mention a necessary connection to the internet
for the WCF service that Unity and main app use to communicate. Teacher says it is not a concern.

We need final URS and Design Document by the end of iteration 2. Teacher needs them both to discuss further
progress in iteration 3

We need Unit tests for the end of iteration 2 as well.

Teacher is impressed that we are researching how fire spreads realisticly

Atanas says that it will not be 100% realistic, but many realistic features will be present

Filippo continues by saying they are researching a paper on how fire is spreading in real life
and thinking about how to implement the features into the simulation

Teacher would like to see next week that we specify what exactly we will use in the Unity viewer
He also wants to know if we want to work on air flow and burning objects for sure, and what we will
have by the end of iteration 2

For statistics, teacher is interested in what to expect from it.

Stef explains that we have not yet thought about it deeply.

Atanas mentions that after all person types have been implemented, then we can focus
on showing the relevant information for the statistics (such as efficient fire extinguisher spawns)

Stef continues by saying that currently statistics cannot display what the good locations for the extinguishers
are, since people cannot put fires out yet.

Filippo and Yosif say we can leave for iteration 3 the ability to run 10-50 identical simulations
in order to determine more accurate statistics in the end.

Teacher says what we aim for the prototype. There can be bugs, but the main version should be there.
We need to explain this next week.

Yosif mentions he aims to figure out how to send the map to Unity and visualise it for the prototype

Teacher says the UML is not useful at the time for him, as it is too big and complicated

We need to regenerate the UML diagrams, exclude the forms, separate classes, in order to be more readable

By next week, we need business logic UML and relationships between the classes. Basically, a better UML

We need to fill out a peer review form and next week we will discuss the results. The form will be sent via email.

Atanas is curious why we did not get a 10.0
Teacher says that if we had a Unity communication, we would have got it.

END OF MEETING